Your Excellency Mom and Dad Saintess
Please rest assured.
Let me teach you a good lesson today.
I don't educate
I'll give you two minutes
If persuasion can't help him
Don't blame me for being ruthless
It's Wanqing
You bastard
How do I usually teach you?
The nine major families are all prosperous and all losers
Do you have to play something special?
But Dad and Grandpa have been in the robber's mansion more than once
This marriage contract cannot be cancelled.
It can't be cut painlessly
Your grandfather is old and confused
Are you not awake either?
Yeah you
You do it
It will only give us the future of our family
Besides, such a useless baby
Why are you protecting him?
Did you hear that?
Hurry up and cut down that unicorn
Mom and Dad I'm sorry
I can't refund the unicorn for this marriage.
Can't cut
evil
Why did our Mu family come out of the evil whistle against the state?
Well, in that case
Then I'll let you be a pair of desperate mandarin ducks